### PowerShell
* HSC-CommonCodeModule.tests.ps1
  * This is the file specifying tests that [PowerShell Pester](https://github.com/pester/Pester) uses to perform unit testing on this module.
  * Wrote Unit Tests for:
    * Get-HSCEncryptedDirectoryPath
    * Get-HSCEncryptedFilePath
    * Get-HSCPowerShellVersion
    * Test-HSCVerbose
* HSC-CommonCodeModule.psm1
  * Readability updates and clean up as Pester testing identifies any issues
  * Began testing functions with PowerShell 7 to prepare for migrating to version 7 from 5.1.
  * Removed Export-Module member calls to module manifest file (psd1 - Issue 324).
  * Moved syscript server names to an exported variable (Issue 323)
  * Corrected comment based help for Get-HSCEncryptedFilePath function (Issue 330)
* Get-ADUserInfo.ps1
  * Corrected error with scheduled task (Issue 281)
  * Updated code to comply with HSC PS Coding Style & Standards
* HSC-ActiveDirectoryModule.ps1
  * Misc code cleanup
  * Removed Export-ModuleMember calls to move this functionality to the module manifest (psd1 file) (Issue 330)
  * Corrected PowerShell script analyzer error caused by non-ASCII characters (Issue 287)
  * Added "HSC Block Legacy Authentication Group" and "HSC Conditonal Access Policy" as default groups for new users to be added to. (Issue 289)
  * Created the following functions:
    * Get-HSCADUserCount
    * Test-HSCADOrgUnit
* HSC-ActiveDirectoryModule.tests.ps1
  * Wrote Pester tests for the following modules:
    * Test-HSCADOrgUnit
* HSC-ActiveDirectoryModule.psd1
  * Removed function access from psm1 file to the module manifest (Issue 330)

### Misc
* Prepared for PowerShell Code Review Meeting
* Added x500/smtp addresses for shared users migrated on February 15, 2021
* Unhid accounts from address book that were migrated on February 15, 2021
* Moved AD users and created email accounts for shared user migration on February 17, 2021
* Helped shared user with OneDrive request
* Modified proxy addresses for a shared user who was getting email for another resident
* Moved shared user from ENT to correct OU
* Moved and configured HSC AD accounts for shared migrations on February 18, 2021
* Responded to questions about shared user migrations from Idania Blankenship (Family Medicine)
* Configured AD and Office 365 accounts for Eastern Division faculty migration on February 22 and 23.
* Investigated sync issue with shared users to be migrated on the 22nd and 23rd.

### Meeetings
* February 15, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended round 2 of this meeting in the afternoon
* February 16, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - This was an all day meeting designed to quickly answer and solve any problems that came up in the shared user migration.
  * WVUM Distribution List Meeting
* February 17, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended meeting all morning to help out with any problems that came up with shared user migration to @hsc.wvu.edu email.
  * Role Base Meeting - Meeting focused on implementing a role base type of system for HSC
* February 18, 2021
  * PowerShell Code Review
  * Role Base discussion
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - All morning meeting to assist with any problems that came up with shared user migration to @hsc.wvu.edu email.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Continuation in the afternoon of the meeting which started in the morning.
* February 19, 2021
  * WVUM Shared user Migration Meeting - All morning meeting to assist with any problems that came up with shared user migration to @hsc.wvu.edu email.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Continuation of morning meeting into the afternoon.

### Training
* Read chapters 3 and 4 of "The Pester Book: The All-in-One Guide to Understanding and Writing Tests for PowerShell"
