## Weekly Activity Report: March 22 - 26, 2021

### PowerShell
* Worked with platyPS (https://github.com/PowerShell/platyPS) to create documentation for HSC PowerShell functions
* Update-HSCPowerShellDocumentation
  * This function was written to autogenerate documentation on the functions contained in the HSC PowerShell modules
  * Cleaned up README.md files to include links to the documentation
* Get-HSCDepartmentMapPath
  * Ran function code through PS Script Analyzer and fixed issues that were identified (Issue 354)
  * Added comment based help for this function (Issue 353)
  * Changed to return path to department map from the 2CommonFiles directory (Issue 352)
* Update-ComputerLocationFromSOLE.ps1
  * Verified that the scheduled task was working correctly (Issue 321)
  * Corrected error querying SOLE DB view (Issue 355)
* HSC-CommonCodeModule.tests.ps1
  * Created/Updated Pester tests for the following functions: Get-HSCCDepartmentMapPath, Get-HSCEncryptedDirectoryPath, Get-HSCEncryptedFilePath, and Get-HSCGitHubRepoPath.

### Misc
* Vacation Day - Wednesday, March 24, 2021
* Debugged a scheduled task issue running a PS file for Ray Raylman
* Worked with Scott from WVUM on an issue with several users who had WVUM mailboxes preventing HSC mailboxes from syncing
* Created account for Scott to help him with email migration
* Created shared user accounts that will be migrated next week.
* Applied x500/smtp addresses for various users in the shared user migration

### Meeetings
* March 22, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* March 23, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meetign - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* March 25, 2021
  * Department Meeting
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meetign - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* March 26, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meetign - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.

### Training
* Watched "Becoming a PowerShell Debugging Ninja" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zhjU24hbYuI
