## Weekly Activity Report: March 8 - 12, 2021

### PowerShell
* Set-ADMailAttribute.ps1
  * Moved testing code into production (Issue 336)
  * Updated README.md file (Issue 339)
  * Change code to conform to HSC PS coding standards (Issue 338)
  * Move code to new HSC PS modules (Issue 337)
* Import-MainCampusMailbox.ps1
  * Corrected issue with the export file (from Get-MainCampusMailbox.ps1) not being read in properl7 (Issue 340)
* Set-HSCGroupMembership
  * Corrected issues pointing to the right group mapping file with this function.
* Set-HSCADUserAddressBookVisibility
  * Created function to hide/unhide users from the email address book (Issue 341)
  * Implemented comment based help for function (Issue 344)
  * Developed Pester tests for this function (Issue 345)
  * Implemented begin/process/end blocks (Issue 343)
  * Implemented SupportsShouldProcess (adds -WhatIf and -Confirm params) (Issue 342)
* HSC-ActiveDirectoryModule.tests.ps1
  * Added Pester tests for the Set-HSCADUserAddressBookVisibility function
* Get-RRQuarantineMessage.ps1
  * Wrote this file for a radiology faculty member who was having emails that he needed going to the O365 message quarantine. It's designed to email him a list of his emails that are sitting in the message quarantine. (Issue 346)
  * Configured file to run as a scheduled task for him on sysscript3 (Issue 348)
* Send-HSCEmail
  * Added parameter validation for this function (Issue 347)
* HSC-Office365Module.psm1
  * Removed the Export-ModuleMember calls and moved their functionality to the module manifest (.psd1) file
* Invoke-HSCExitCommand
  * Code cleanup and minor updates

### Misc
* Investigated a problem with groups not being assigned correctly during the account creation process.
* Talked with Kevin to split up remaining PS files to clean up
* Configured AD accounts for shared user migrations that will happen during the rest of the week.
* Added x500/smtp addresses for faculty accounts being migrated on March 10.
* Unhid all email accounts that are being migrated on March 10.
* Worked with Catherine Nolan on a DB access issue for a user in Beckley
* Spoke with Julie Wood (from nursing in Beckley) on the phone to help resolve her issue connecting to the SON student services DB.
* Configured shared user accounts to be migrated next week.
* Unhid email accounts for migration on March 12, 2021
* Corrected configuration issue with the scheduled task for Backup-O365ProxyAddress.ps1

### Meeetings
* March 8, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Met with Kevin Russell to discuss progress of PS code cleanup
* March 9, 2021
  * Spent various times during the day in the WVUM Shared User Migration meeting
  * Attended Salesforce Capital SMTP resolution meeting with the main cammpus
  * Met with Laura and Kim to discuss writing a script for Dr. Stoilov
  * Had meeting with Dr. Stoilov and others regarding the best way to transfer Covid19 RNA sequencing data between here and Marshall with the WVU Data Depot.
* March 10, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* March 11, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Department meeting
* March 12, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.

### Training
* Watched "Writing Award Winning PowerShell Functions and Script Modules" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5x0Di52QZA
