## Weekly Activity Report: March 15 - 19, 2021

### PowerShell
* Get-RRQuarantineMessage.ps1
  * Verified scheduled task ran properly
  * Did some code cleanup to help with readability
* Set-StandardUserAccount.ps1
  * Code cleanup to help with code readability and to conform to HSC PS standards
* Set-HospitalHIPAATraining.ps1
  * Added exception handling code
  * Minor code cleanup to conform with HSC PS standards
* Get-HSCGitHubRepository
  * Wrote function as a helper function for other code to return the root path to the HSC GitHub repository.
* Remove-HospitalHIPAATraining.ps1
  * This file was written to remove users from the hospital HIPAA training who are no longer covered by that.
* Get-HSCDepartmentMapPath
  * Changed this function to pull the path from the more standardized 2CommonFiles directory.
* Developed Pester unit tests for several functions in HSC-CommonCodeModuel.psm1 and HSC-ActiveDirectoryModule.psm1
* Worked on documentation for HSC common code module as well as evaluated whether all functions contained in it are still needed  

### Misc
* Configured additional user for Scott Phillips to be migrated this week.
* Added x500/SMTP addresses for accounts being migrated on March 15, 2021
* Added x500/SMTP addresses and unhid accounts being migrated on March 16, 2021
* Looked into issues with duplicate AzureAD objects for the WVUM group on March 16, 2021
* Worked on a licensing issue for Dr. Ellison in Anesthesiology
* Assigned proxy addresses and unhid accounts for shared users that were migrated on March 17, 2021
* Moved and configured additional faculty accounts to prepare for their migration on March 18, 2021
* Prepared for PS code review meeting
* Configured all AD accounts for next week's facuty migration to @hsc.wvu.edu email
* Added x500/smtp addresses for accounts being migrated on March 18 and 19, 2021
* Worked on an issue with Dr. Selby's account from family medicine not showing up correctly in the address book.
* Worked with Scott on 5 accounts that weren't getting licensed properly which are scheduled to be migrated next week
* Added x500/smtp addresses for all accounts being migrated next week

### Meeetings
* March 15, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* March 16, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* March 17, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Met with Kevin Russell to discuss PS migration and testing issues
* March 18, 2021
  * PowerShell code review
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* March 19, 20201
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Attended HSC/WVUM Office 366 meeting

### Training
* Watched "Seven Ineffective Coding Habits of Many Programmers" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZsHMHukIlJY
