## Weekly Activity Report: May 3 - 7, 2021

### PowerShell
* Set-HSCWindowTitle
  * Remove begin/process end blocks
  * Handled case where $null value is passed into the function
  * Wrote Pester tests for this function
* Set-HSCEnvironment
  * Made changes to the code to ensure that it is only called from a PS file not just from the command line.
* HSC-CommonCodeModule.tests.ps1
  * Developed tests with Pester for Set-HSCEnvironment
* Remove-SODFiles.ps1
  * Wrote this at the request of Charles Wisser to handle a security issue that was identified with a program used in SOD
* RemoteRemove.ps1
  * This file is called by Remove-SODFiles.ps1 to run on the remote computer and actually handle removing files with Invoke-Command
* Copy-SQLTable.ps1
  * This is a file that I started to work on in case the Systoosl SQL Migrator turns out not to work.

### SON Database Migration
* The current SON student services database is on hssql2 (SQL Server 2008) and needs to be migrated to the Azure SQL Instance. I began testing some migration strategies to accomplish this goal this week.
* Currently investigating this product to do the migration - https://www.systoolsgroup.com/sql-server/azure/.
* Bought product after doing a successful test migration
* A copy of the SON db from May 3, 2021 has been uploaded to Azure with the fully licensed version of this tool, but several of the fields have been imported incorrectly. This is currently being investigated with their L2 tech support.
* Set up a meeting with Catherine Nolan to discuss this and figure out a time when it could be done.
* During meeting with Catherine Nolan, she pointed out that several of the fields in the imported DB were imported incorrectly.
* Working with their tech support on this issue now.

### Meeetings
* May 3, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* May 4, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* May 5, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Met with Catherine Nolan to go over planning to migrate the School of Nursing student services DB
  * Worked with tech support from Sys Tools Group to debug some migration issues for migrating the DB to Azure
* May 6, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Met with Charles Wisser about a PowerShell file needed for SOD
  * Department meeting
* May 7, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.

### Training
* Watched "Using Visual Studio Code as Your Default PowerShell Editor" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bGn45vIeAMM

### Misc
* Worked on Tuesday to clean up and declutter my office. This is mostly done now and can be finished very quickly if this is needed.
* Configured address book visibility for user not showing up properly in address book
* Investigated a duplicate proxy address that was preventing a user sync for the shared user migration
* Investigated an issue with a user who had her mailbox disabled incorrectly
* Answered questions from the WVUM team about the process to import the main campus and WVUF address books into the WVUHSC tenant.
* Configured HSC domain accounts for users being migrated next week.
* Worked with Charles Wisser about a PowerShell file needed for SOD
* Added x500/SMTP addresses for accounts being migrated next week
