## Weekly Activity Report: May 10 - 14, 2021

### PowerShell
* Update-AddressList.ps1
  * Moved file to new PS modules
  * Modified code to coform to HSC PowerShell coding standards
  * Ran file through script analyzer
* Worked on removing all references to the old HSC Modules directory (1HSC-PowerShell-Modules)
  * This is still in progress. It started with 25 files having references to them and is currently down to 5.
* Import-HSCMailboxForWVUF.ps1
  * Cleaned up some misc errors that were occuring with this file (Issue 376)
  * Changed file to remove references to the old hsc modules directory (Issue 376)
  * Updated file to conform to HSC PowerShell coding standards and style guide (Issue 376)
  * Added parameter validation (Issue 374)
  * Corrected path to the input log file (Issue 373)
  * Created scheduled task for sysscript2 (Issue 375)
* Compare-PasswordLastSet.ps1
  * This is a file that I created for Jackie to compare password last set dates for various users in the HS and WVUHS domains due to some inconsistencies with passwords being set correctly.


### SON Database Migration
* Received an updated DLL from the vendor to run the import with. They wanted to see the updated import logs once that was done. The updated import logs have been sent to them, and I'm waiting for their response to see how to proceed.

### Meeetings
* May 17, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Met about cancer center DLs
* May 18, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* May 19, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* May 20, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Attended department meeting
  * Met with Kevin Russell to discuss PowerShell issues
* May 21, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Attended WVUM/HSC Office 365 Meeting

### Misc
* Created accounts for shared users being migrated next week
* Debugged an issue with sysscript4 not running the create account process successfully
* Debugged an issue with a user's in place hold preventing correct account sycing
* Wrote a file for Jackie to help compare password last set dates for HS and WVUHS domain users

