## Weekly Activity Report: May 24 - 28, 2021

### PowerShell
* Remove-HospitalHIPAATraining.ps1
  * Completed this file which goes through the hospital HIPAA training list and removes HSC AD accounts that are flagged as being with the hospital, but shouldn't be.
* Set-HospitalHIPAATraining.ps1
  * Debugged an issue with the scheduled task not working correctly
  * Cleaned up the comment based help
  * Minor code cleanup
  * Pointed the source file parameter to the common files directory
* Export-ToSOLE.ps1
  * Moved file to new HSC PowerShell modules
  * Made changes to conform to HSC PowerShell coding standards
  * Moved from System.Data.SQLClient DB calls to Invoke-SQLCmd
  * Worked on issues to speed up this file. It takes a long time especially with all of the shared users being migrated to the cloud.
  * Will continue working on this next week
* Get-HSCOffice365MailboxStatus.ps1
  * The purpose of file is to serve as a wrapper for the Get-HSCO365MailboxStatus function. It ensures that things such as logging and connecting to the tenant are accomplished before calling the function.
* Get-HSCO365MailboxStatus
  * This function was written to get a list of mailboxes that are enabled in the HSC O365 tenant.
  * I also wrote this function as a test to see about speeding up the export to SOLE process
* Get-HSCCASMailbox
  * THis is another function that I wrote in order to speed up the export to SOLE process
* Create-NewAccount.ps1
  * Investigated why this file seems to keep locking up. I think part of it is with Outlook not downloading newer account requests, but I'm going to have to continue looking into this next week.

### SON Database Migration
* Received a request from Sys Tools to get some updated logs to try and debug the import problem we've been having.
* Allowed the vendor to remote into my workstation in order to try and do some more debugging on this issue

### Meeetings
* May 24, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* May 25, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Met with Kevin Russell to discuss HSC PowerShell GitHub repo cleanup
* May 26, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* May 27, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* May 28, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.

### Training
* Watched - "A Historical Architectural Tour of PowerShell" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yWwcEsNnzBM

### Misc
* Investigated issues with the account creation process to figure out why it keeps locking up
* Dealt with some user configuration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team
* Removed some servers from a transport rule based on the request from the WVUM Office 365 team
* Configured acconts from shared users who are being migrated next week
* Added x500/SMTP addresses for shared users being migrated next week
