## Weekly Activity Report: April 5 - 9, 2021

### PowerShell
* Get-SANEncryptionKey.ps1
  * Investigated issue with this file not being able to connect to the SAN. This appears to be an issue with the certificate.
  * Did some minor clean up of the code to add some additional error handling
* Cleaned up comment based help for the following functions:
  * Get-HSCRandomPassword
  * Get-HSCServerName
* HSC-CommonCodeModule.tests.ps1 - Added Pester tests for:
  * Get-HSCPowerShellVersion
  * Get-HSCRandomPassword
  * Get-HSCServerName
  * Invoke-HSCExitCommand
  * New-HSCSecureStringFile
* Invoke-HSCExitCommand
  * Removed Begin/Process/End blocks since these are only needed if pipeline input is being used.
  * Added comment based help
* New-HSCSecureStringFile
  * Did some minor code cleanup to help with readability
  * Currently using this to learn about 
* HSC-CommonCodeModule.psm1
  * Cleaned up some formatting errors flagged by PS Script Analzyer
  * Removed several Write-Output/Out-Host calls with the MS recommended Write-Verbose
* Get-HSCADUserMailNickname
  * Wrote this function as a way to help with debugging of the shared user migration with WVUM
* New-NonCTSIResearchSetup.ps1
  * This is a major update of a file written by Matt to help with configuration of users in the research environment 
* New-HSCResearchProjectGroup
  * This function was written to support the previous file and will be resued in migrating several other files that were originally written by Matt.
* PowerShell Pester
  * Began to work on mocking functions in Pester. This ability would allow me to test functions out with cmdlets like Get-ADUser in them without having access to AD or even an internet connection. I'm currently testing this with the Read-Host part of New-HSCSecureStringFile so that I'm not prompted for a password when testing this function.

### Meeetings
* April 5, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* April 6, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* April 7, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Met with Kevin Russell to go over PowerShell goals and Pester testing
* April 8, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Attended department meeting
* April 9, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Met with Matt Zimmerman to discuss Cancer Center Distribution Lists
  * Attended HSC/WVUM Office 365 meeting

### Training
* Watched "PowerShell Runspaces - Putting your Pants on Both Legs at a Time" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvSbb6g0tMA

### Misc
* Worked with Scott on an issues with two users who either didn't have proxy addresses configured or needed them removed to allow them to sync.
* Worked with Brian Matlick on issue of migrated user not being able to access email on his phone
* Investigated issue with Get-SANEncryptionKey.ps1 not being able to connect to the SAN
* Dealt with issue for family medicine faculty member who couldn't send email on his phone
* Configured HSC users who are being migrated to @hsc.wvu.edu email next week.
* Worked with Scott Phillips on two users who didn't get licensed correctly in the cloud.
* Applied x500/SMTP addresses for users being migrated to @hsc.wvu.edu email next week.
