## Weekly Activity Report: April 12 - 16, 2021

### PowerShell
* Set-HSCMailboxNickname
  * This function updates an AD users mailNickname field and was written to help out with the shared user migrations.
* Update-CancerCenterDL.ps1
  * Met with Matt and Laurie to go over this again. I needed to understand the process for how they generated the more involved Dls which I now have after this meeting.
  * Files are now being generated, but will be working with Jackie to see if the process they use to enter data can be cleaned up with SharePoint.
* RunspaceTest.ps1
  * I wrote this file to help me learn more about PowerShell runspaces. These are ways to add threading to PS files which can greatly speed up files with code that might be slower (such as when calling Get-InboxRule).
* Get-HSCADUserExt7
  * This is another function I wrote to help me with the shared user migrations.
* Removed-HSCOldLogFile
  * I tried to develop Pester tests for this file but am having issues because of the date criteria in searching for the files. I posted this question to the forums at PowerShell.org and am going to see what responses I get from that.
  * Some tests have been developed to test for things like an invalid path or not providing search parameters.

### Meeetings
* April 12, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Met with Cancer Center to go over test cases for distribution list file
* April 13, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Met with Cancer Center to go over test cases for distribution list file
* April 13, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* April 14, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Met with Kim for performance review
  * PowerShell Code Review
* April 15, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  
### Training
* Watched "PowerShell Runspaces - Putting your Pants on Both Legs at a Time" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvSbb6g0tMA
* Watched "20 Better Ways to Perform Server Administration Using PowerShell" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQLkuhOvVk4

### Misc
* Worked to get Dr. Carepenter (from Anesthesiology) licensed and synced properly in the cloud
* Ran message traces to debug why Red Cap emails weren't being delivered properly
* Helped WVUM Office 365 team debug an issue with some proxy addresses that weren't syncing properly
* Prepared for PowerShell code review meeting
* Configured accounts that are being migrated next week in AD
* Added x500/SMTP addresses for accounts that are being migrated next week
