## Weekly Activity Report: April 19 - 23, 2021

### PowerShell
* Get-HSCCancerInstituteClinicalUser
  * This is a function which is being used to pull clinical users from the Cancer Center based on the smaller individual department files.
* Update-CancerCenterDL.ps1
  * Continued to work and define the code to handle the cases of the composite distribution lists.
* Send-HSCEmail
  * Cleaned up and updated code to include more error handling, parameter validation, and a return value to indicate if the email was sent succesfully.
  * Developed Pester tests for this function
* Get-HSCMailboxWithClutter
  * This is a function I am developing to pull HSC mailboxes that have the clutter mailbox enabled. It currently runs very slowly, and I'm changing it to use PowerShell runspaces in an attempt to speed things up with it.
* Get-HSCADUserExt7
  * Added comment based help
  * Did further testing/debugging
  * Created Pester tests (included testing out mocking Get-ADUser)
* Set-HSCEnvironment
  * Began to implement the SupportsShouldProcess configuration in order to allow it to use -WhatIf and -Confirm which are recommended by Microsoft's best practices for cmdlets that change a system's state.

### Meeetings
* April 19, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* April 20, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* April 21, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team
* April 22, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team
  * Department meeting
* April 23, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team
  * Department meeting
  
### Training
* Watched "How To Create a WPF GUI for your Powershell Script" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uJcvwgbTeks
* Watched "PowerShell: Creating a User Interface" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=blaIwKjfSgs

### Misc
* Out part of Monday and Tuesday morning due to Covid vaccine
* Configured AD accounts for next week's shared user migration
* Debugged issue with shared user not getting properly synced to the cloud
* Added x500/smtp addresses for users being migrated next week
