## Weekly Activity Report: April 26 - 30, 2021

### PowerShell
* Get-HSCADUserProperty
  * This is a generic function that pulls string based property values from AD. It is used to prevent replicating code for things like pulling extensionAttribute7, mailNickname, etc.
* Get-ADUserExt7
  * Wrote this function in order to help with troubleshooting of the shared user migration project
* Update-CancerCenterDL.ps1
  * Created a DB to write users to and record which Dls they are members of and where the source for that info came from
  * Wrote some additional code to handle the aggregated DLs
* Test-HSCDCConnection
  * Wrote this as part of a larger module that I'm working on to automate some AD testing and monitoring
* Create0-NewAccount.ps1
  * I've been making changes to the Create-NewAccountManual.ps1 file used for the shared user account creation process. I began to move these changes over to the automated file.

### Meeetings
* April 26, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Cancer Center DL Meeting - Met to go over status of PS file and to discuss improved ways to enter source data
  * Met with Kevin Russell about status of PS file cleanup
* April 27, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* April 28, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* April 29, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * PowerShell Code Review
* April 30, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  
### Training
* Setting up a Visual Studio Code Environment for PowerShell - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LJNdK0QrIo8
* Optimizing Visual Studio Code for Powershell Development - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uMorgBB_RU

### Misc
* Answered questions about OneDrive that came up in the WVUM Shared User Migration meeting
* Assisted user in shared user meeting who wasn't able to delete calendar appointments from their calendar
* Debugged scheduled task on sysscript5 that would manually run successfully but wouldn't run when it was scheduled
* Configured AD accounts for shared users who are being migrated next week
* Changed primary SMTP for Dr. Barry as part of the shared user migration
* Investigated a few issues where mail in deleted items wasn't being removed correctly
* Applied x500/smtp addresses for users being migrated next week.
* Looked into an issue where a user couldn't empty their deleted items in Outlook
