## Weekly Activity Report: August 30 - September 3, 2021

### PowerShell
* Get-ShareInformation.ps1
  * Worked on this file this week, but ran into a few problems:
    * Had an issue trying to do the recursive group search
    * Had another issue that came up when trying to search large groups.
    * Both of these have mostly been corrected and will be tested next week.
* Disable-AccountSecurityCompliance.ps1
  * Verfied file was still working correctly prior to presenting it in the PS code review meeting (Issue 429)
  * Added parameter validation (Issue 436)
  * Moved file to new SQL Server authentication with HSC SQL module (Issue 434)
  * Updated .md file (Issue 435)
* Disable-ExchangeForwardingRule.ps1
  * The disabling from this file was being duplicated by Remove-ExchangeForwardingAddressRandom.ps1. This file has been removed from production because of that. (Issue 439)
* Disable-NewUsers.ps1
  * Updated, cleaned file, and verified that it still correctly works before presenting this in the PS Code Review meeting (Issue 440)
* Remove-ExchangeForwardingRule.ps1 (Issue 441)
  * Wrote this file in order to make sure that certain users are being checked every day for this. The current file randomly selects users since this is a slow process with a lot of accounts to go through.
* Backup-ADGroupMembership.ps1 (Issue 442)
  * This file was written to help out with the Get-ShareInformation.ps1 file. It makes it easy to see what groups certain users belong to.

### Meetings
* August 30 - Met with Matt, Jackie, and Kevin about the entering the cancer center user information
* September 1 - Met with Kevin to go over PowerShell issues
* September 2 - PowerShell Code Review
* September 3 - AD Re-Architecture Meeting
* September 3 - HSC/WVUM Office 365 Meeting

### Misc
* Took Monday (8/23) afternoon off
* Looked into issue for Erin about a user that wasn't getting provisioned and sent to SOLE
* Looked into an issue for Cindy Barnes to verify users were being disabled on the appropriate date
* Updated DepartmentMap.csv file to ensure that users with new departments are created correctly
* Prepared for PS Code Review 

### Training
* Watched "Are These Software Myths True or False?" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GF_jiO73L7o
