## Weekly Activity Log: January 11 - 15

### PowerShell Updates
* Create-NewAccount-NoCSCForm.ps1
  * Tested and updated code for the account creation for Family Medicine, Opthamology, Anesthsiology, and Eastern Division.
  * Added README, etc. to complete all of the HSC PS best practices for this file.
  * Added a significant amount of error handling code
  * Implemented testing ability with -WhatIf support
  * Added code to ensure older accounts wouldn't cause any conflicts
  * Put into production
* Get-IDFScanAutomation
  * Began work on cleaning up this file
* Cancer Center DL PS scripts
  * Began work to clean up a dozen or so files made by Joel George
  * Verified with Lori Acciavati that scheduled tasks are preferred over \
* Import-WVUMExt13.ps1
  * Fixed errors that prevented HSC accounts from being updated with ext13 from WVUM.
* BonniesBus.ps1
  * Tested changes to the current method used for web scraping
  * Moved code to function in a module once completed.
* HSC-WebFunction.psm1
  * Created this module to hold functions used for the Cancer Center DL changes. One function here is going to be able to replace aout a dozen individual files that are currently being used.
* Update-CancerCenterDL.ps1
  * This is the new and simplified version of the file to generate the Cancer Center's distribution lists.

### Other Support Work
* Worked with Scott Phillips about issues where HSC accounts weren't properly getting updated with the WVUM 500 number for shared users.
 
### Meetings
* January 12, 2021
  * Ben Sizemore about business rule changes for Family Med, etc.
  * WVUM Distribution list meeting
  * Code review for Create-NewAccount-NoCSCForm.ps1
* January 13, 2021
  * Lori Acciavati and Matt Zimmerman about updating PS code for Cancer Center lists
* January 14, 2021
  * Chris Boyer/Whinston Antion about the SailPoint disable process and changes that they are proposing.
  * O365 HSC/WVUM Meeting
  * Department meeting
