## Weekly Activity Report: July 12 - July 16, 2021

### PowerShell
* Remove-HSCAzureADO365UserLicense
  * Function was written to remove Office 365 licenses for users. The default is the Office 365 A3 for Faculty one, but any license (except group based ones) can be remove.
* Remove-AzureADLicense.ps1
  * This file is a wrapper one for the function above. It was used to remove the Office 365 A3 for Faculty licenses for users who had been added to the Office 365 Base Licensing Group.
* Get-MailboxClutterStatus.ps1
  * Began to run this file in stages to import to SQL Server (Issue 398)
  * Created SQL Server table and began to query this to prevent duplicates from happing in the individual stages. Eventually, this will be a delta update which will be much quicker as well as allow nearly instant access to a list of mailboxes that have clutter enabled. (Issue 398)
  * Finished importing all HSC and WVUM users into database
  * Next week will focus on ways to keep that db updated
* Backup-HSCO365ProxyAddress.ps1
  * Added some code in there to pull information for Adam from WVUM. He verified that the code was pulling information that he needed correctly. (Issue 391)
* Add-HSCADUserO365BaseLicensingGroup
  * I wrote this function in order to help out with the migration to group based licensing. 
* Backup-ADExtensionAttribute.ps1
  * For the upcoming PS code reviews, I plan to start at the top of the list and go through files that are currently in production. Since this was the first on the list, I started with this and did some code cleanup and verification that it was still working properly.
* Get-HospitalComputerInfo.ps1
  * This file was written because of a request from Lydia. She had a list of computers from both of the hospital domains, and needed to have their description field pulled from those domains.
* Debugged issue on sysscript2 and sysscript3 where connections to Office 365 couldn't be established.
  * The solution to this problem was to add code to explicitely use TLS 1.2.
  * https://community.spiceworks.com/topic/2200239-powershell-script-error-the-request-was-aborted-could-not-create-ssl-tls-secur

### Migrating Users to Group Based Licensing (Issue 395)
* I finished going through AD accounts that should be in group based licensing this week. These accounts were all added to the AD group and had their Office 365 A3 for Faculty license removed.
* At this point, there are 988 HS users still with the old license. They most likely are users who are no longer at the HSC, disabled, or aren't in the HSC OU which was my initial search query. I'm going to be expanding the search to see if these users need to still be licensed next week.
  
### Meetings
* July 14, 2021 - Change Control Meeting - Attended in order to discuss upcoming SailPoint changes that were requested by Chris Boyer
* July 15, 2021 - Department Meeting

### Misc
* Continued to deal with issues of Outlook not updating properly on sysscript4
* Tested out upgrade requested by Chris Boyer to the SailPoint servers
* Submitted change control request for SailPoint servers for change requested by Chris Boyer
* Looked into a user who wasn't being exported to SOLE at the request of Erin Bunner
* Modified a PS file used by Michele to exclude files from the search results
* Wrote a PS file for Lydia to query information from the wVUH and WVUHS domains.

### Training
* Watched "Getting Ready for DevOps with PowerShell and VS Code" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yavDKHV-OOI
