## Weekly Activity Report: July 26 - July 30, 2021

### PowerShell
* Update-MailboxClutterStatusDB.ps1
  * Fixed an issue with log files not being written to the correct directory (Issue 402)
  * Configured to run as a scheduled task (Issue 403)
  * Added & Updated README.md file (Issue 404)
  * Updated process to only select DB records that haven't been modified in over a week (Issue 405)
  * Added code to ensure that all mailboxes will be updated at regular intervals (Issue 406)
  * Corrected an issue where the file would continue to try and process a user who wasn't found in O365 (Issue 407)
* Add-HSCADUserO365BaseLicensingGroup
  * Wrote comment based help for this function (Issue 397)
* Get-HSCMailboxClutterStatus (Issue 400)
  * This function was written to make the process of getting the mailbox clutter status more generic.
* Remove-HSCAzureADO365License
  * Corrected an issue where pipeline input wasn't being accepted correctly (Issue 396)
* Get-Office365A3License.ps1 (Issue 395)
  * This file was written to get a log of which users still had the Office 365 A3 for Faculty license applied to their accounts. Once they are identified, then I'm going to work on removing that license for these accounts.
* Remove-AzureADLicense.ps1
  * Updated this file with some additional safety checks to remove the Office 365 A3 for faculty licenses.
* Connect-HSCOffice365MSOL
  * Cleaned up this function to conform to HSC PS coding standard (Isssue 384)
* Backup-HSGPO.ps1
  * Updated README.md file to improve description and link to required modules (Issue 410)
  * Changed the GitHub repo path from being hard coded to using Get-HSCGitHubRepoPath (Issue 409)
* Move-ADUserBack
  * This file was written because of inaccurate end access dates that were set by SailPoint
  * File moves users back to their correct OU as well as enables them.
* Began to work on some C# code to run in SharePoint to help with Department of Medicine users who are in the Holding OU to get moved out of there.

### Meetings
* July 29, 2021 - Meeting
* July 30, 2021 - Met with Jackie to discuss SP site to allow Department of Medicine CSCs to move their users from the temporary holding OU to the correct OU. We also discussed the issue that came up this morning where users had the wrong end access date set by SailPoint.

### Misc
* Office 365 A3 licensing - Removed most of these licenses. The ones that are left (~ 250) are special cases and will need to be looked at it a more manual way instead of being automated.
* Updated department map file to move Department of Medicine users to a temporary/holding OU
* Worked with Scott Phillips to import a WVUM user's PST file to their @hsc.wvu.edu email
* Worked with Joe/Jackie/Kim related to an issue where approximately 150 users had the wrong end access date set by SailPoint
* Worked with Joe on issues where some users weren't able to change their password
* Began to work on some C# code to for the Department of Medicine users in the Holding OU

### Training
* Watched "What's the right PowerShell Write cmdlet to use to write to the right output" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08U80wlmKNA

