## Weekly Activity Report: June 28 - July 2, 2021

### PowerShell
* Get-NonADGroupO365UserLicense.ps1
  * Wrote this file in order to search for users who should be licensed in O365 but aren't in the O365 base licensing group. There are currently over 3000 users who are individually licensed. Approximately 300 users have been migrated to group based licensing, and the rest be migrated next week.
* Disable-NewUsers.ps1
  * Modified this file to include looking at the account whenChanged date.
  * This prevents accounts that have been moved back to NewUsers from immediately being moved out of there again.
* Add-HSCADUserToO365BaseLicensingGroup
  * This function was to help with adding users to the base licensing group instead of using the per user licenses.
  * Followed PS best practices with this function including allowing pipeline input and returning a PS custom object.
  * Need to develop Pester tests and add comment based help for this function
* Remove-HSCAzureADO365A3License
  * I wrote this function in order to help automate the process of removing existing per user licenses for AzureAD users to move them to group based licensing.
  * This function still needs to be cleaned up which will be done next week.
* Remove-AzureADLicense.ps1
  * This file was written to serve as a wrapper one to call the Remove-HSCAzureADO365License function. 
  
### Meetings
* PowerShell Code Review - July 8, 2021
* Active Directory Rearchitecture Meeting - July 8, 2021

### Misc
* Out on Monday, July 5, 2021 due to WVU holiday
* Prepared for PowerShell code review meeting
* Updated IQService on the test and dev SailPoint servers at the request of Chris Boyer
* Looked at several user's for Matt Darnell who weren't getting provisioned correctly
* Looked at a user for Joel George who wasn't getting provisioned correctly
* Debugged several issues with Outlook on sysscript4 because it wasn't updaing the folder where new account request emails were being sent to.

### Training
* Watched "Advanced PowerShell Module Development with Visual Studio Code" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y3aALvpNZrk
