## Weekly Activity Report: June 28 - July 2, 2021

### PowerShell
* HSC-ActiveDirectoryModule.psm1
  * Removed Add-HSCADOrgUnitToGroup (This was a one time use function that isn't needed. It was moved to the HSC PS Backup repo.)
* HSC-ActiveDirectoryModule.test.ps1
  * The tests in this Pester file are being completely redone to allow for mocking of cmdlets such as Get-ADUser and others from the Active Directory Module. This would allow testing on the file withot an active directory or even network connection.
  * Added tests specifically for the functions (such as Get-ADUser) which are being mocked.
  * Tests for functions in the actual module have started to be developed and will continue to be developed next week.
* Add-HSCADUserProxyAddress
  * Made changes to being work with the Pester tests for mocking Get-ADUser
* Backup-HSCO365ProxyAddress.ps1
  * I had to make some corrections to this file in order to get the correct information and format for Adam Clarkson from WVUM.
* Get-ClutterMailbox (Issue 389)
  * I've been testing out ways to get this running quicker. Over the past week or so, I've looked at runspaces, PS jobs, and the SplitPipeline module. Kevin has also looked at the PoshRSJob module. We've run into issues with all of these from either not being able to maintain the connected session information or having too many concurrent connections.
  * To get around this, I'm running a file now that is collecting this information without any of what I mentioned above. This will then be written to a DB. After that is finished, I'll run the Get-Clutter command on mailboxes that have been created in the last day to make sure that this DB stays updated. Getting the list of clutter enabled mailboxes will be handled by a separate file and just involve a (very quick to run) SQL query.
  * I'm going to let the file run over the long weekend and expect that this process should be in production early next week.

### Meetings
* June 29, 2021 - Attend ITSM Tool Replacement meeting
* June 30, 2021 - Met with Jackie to discuss SON DB migration and Cancer Center DLs.
* July 1, 20201
  * Department Meeting
  * Attended Atlassian's Jira Service Demo

### Misc
* Assisted Erin Bunner with a user who wasn't being sent over correctly in the SOLE export from AD
* Generated file of HSC cloud users and AD accounts for Adam Clarkson from WVUM.
* Modified department map file for a user that wouldn't provision because of the populated department from SailPoint.
* Looked into an issue related to a few users who weren't being exported to SOLE or were getting bouncebacks.

### Training
* Watched "Test-Driven Development by Example Using PowerShell  - Setting up your local environment" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2SGKL9XPPJE
* Watched "PowerShell Runspaces Putting your pants on both legs at a time" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvSbb6g0tMA

