## Weekly Activity Report: June 21 - June 25, 2021

### PowerShell
* Get-ClutterMailbox
  * I began working on this function at Kim's request in order to get a list of mailboxes that have clutter enabled. By itself, this code is relatively simple. However, it takes a long time to run sequentially. I am working on movng this to a PowerShell runspace which will speed it up. However, I'm having some issues passing the Exchange PS session into the runspace which I'm working on debugging now.
* Create-NewAccount-WithCSCForm.ps1
  * This was the original account creation file using the CSC request form. Because of the issues with the Department of Medicine, I made changes to ensure that only Department of Medicine (OU=MED,OU=SOM) users are being created with it.
* Create-NewAccount.ps1
  * Went through and did some minor code cleanup on this file.
  * Changed the code for setting extensionAttribute7 to use Set-HSCADUserExt7
* Backup-O365ProxyAddress.ps1
  * At the request of Adam Clarkson from WVUM, I added a reverse lookup in the code to pull info on HS domain users that have mailboxes in the cloud.
* Set-HSCADUserExt7
  * This function was written to help with the account creation process and to make stand-alone changing of ext7 (Yes/No365) easier.
  * Changed this to return a PS Object instead of a boolean to show status of individual accounts that may have been processed by this function.

### Meetings
* June 22, 2021 - Met with Michele and Kim about the new account creation process
* June 24, 2021 - PS code review meeting

### Misc
* Cleared out old GitHub commit history based on instructions found here - https://tecadmin.net/delete-commit-history-in-github/. This was last done over a year ago and helps to make things run faster and prevent future issues. (Issue 387)
* Issue for Adam Clarkson - He requested a regular list of all proxy addresses used by HS users. I had to modify the Backup-O365ProxyAddress.ps1 file in order to accomplish this.
* Looked into issue with Dr. Wolz from HVI who claimed that he wasn't able to send/receive email
* Exported two accounts to PST for Scott so that they could be imported to the users's WVUM mailbox.
* Prepared for PS code review meeting

### Training
* Watched "Clean Code - Lesson 1" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7EmboKQH8lM
* Watched "Clean Code - Lesson 3" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qjywrq2gM8o

