## Weekly Activity Report: June 14 - June 18, 2021

### PowerShell
* Get-HSCRecoverableItemStatistics
  * This function was written as a helper function for Clear-HSCRecoverableItem. It provides a summary of what is contained in a user's recoverable items folder in the cloud.
* Clear-HSCRecoverableItem
  * Began working on this function at Shane's request. It will be used to clear a user's recoverable items in the cloud. This funciton isn't finished yet and will be done next week.
* Connect-HSCOffice365
  * Removed begin/process/end blocks (Not needed unless accpeint pipeline input which isn't needed for this function) - Issue 386
  * Cleaned up code to conform to HSC PS coding staandards
* HSC-OFfice365Module.tests.ps1
  * Began developing Pester tests to mock the AzureAD/MSOL cmdlets. This will allow a way to test out the functions in this module without needing a connection to the cloud (or any internet connection at all) 
* HSC-OFfice365Module.psd1
  * Misc cleanup of the module manifest file
* Connect-HSCOffice365MSOL
  * Removed begin/process/end blocks (Not needed unless accepting pipline input which isn't needed for this function) - Issue 381

### Meetings
* June 14, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* June 15, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* June 16, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* June 17, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Attended department meeting

### Misc
* Dealt with an issue with sysscript3 running out of disk space. Kevin was able to fix this by using a tool that the help desk uses to remove old/orphaned windows update files.
* Added x500/SMTP addresses for users being migrated this week
* Looked into an issue with a user being moved back to the deleted items OU. This was caused by the Disable-NewUsers.ps1 file running on accounts that had recently been moved back to the NewUsersOU. This is being addressed by a correction to the code to also look at the whenChanged date
* June 18 was an unplanned state holiday - https://wvmetronews.com/2021/06/17/justice-juneteenth-now-a-state-holiday/

### Training
* Watched "Clean Code - Lesson 5" - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sn0aFEMVTpA
