## Weekly Activity Report: June 1 - June 4, 2021

### PowerShell
* Create-NewAccount.ps1
  * Completely changed this file and removed the dependency on Outlook. Now, new accounts are created if their department from SailPoint matches an entry in a mapping file.
  * This will also fix the problems of Outlook locking up and preventing accounts from being created
* Get-SANEncryptionKey.ps1
  * Debugged an issue that was preventing the file from connecting to the SAN to back it up
* Get-HSCO365MailboxStatus
  * This function was written to return an object of O365 mailboxes that are enabled. This is going to be run as a separate process to try and speed up the export to SOLE. 
* Get-HSCOffice365MailboxStatus.ps1
  * This is a wrapper function to help generate a file needed for the SOLE export and to speed it up
* Export-ToSOLE.ps1
  * Continued to work on getting this migrated over to the new cmdlets, cleaning up code, and speeding it up.
* Wrote directions for moving functions from the testing module (HSC-TestingModule.psm1) over to one of the production modules.

### SON Database Migration
* Had two more remote sessions with the vendor related to migrating the SON database from SQL Server 2008 to the Azure DB instance.

### Meeetings
* June 1, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
* June 2, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Jimmmy's meeting
  * Met with Kevin Russell about PS issues
* June 3, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Met with Kevin Russell about PS issues
* June 4, 2021
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the morning to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * WVUM Shared User Migration Meeting - Attended most of the afternoon to help debug migration issues with the WVUM Office 365 team.
  * Met with (mostly) help desk staff to discuss new account creation process

### Misc
* Looked into an issue with not being able to back up the SAN encryption keys
* Configured accounts for migration next week
* Added x500/SMTP addresse for next week's migrations
* Looked into issues with Outlook locking up and preventing accounts from being created.
